# Adventurer Conqueror King System Compatibility License

## 1\. Acceptance of Terms

By using the *Adventurer Conqueror King System* Compatibility Logo
("Compatibility Logo") you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this license agreement ("License").

## 2\. Copyrights and Trademarks

You agree and acknowledge that Autarch LLC ("Autarch") holds all
trademarks and copyrights pertaining to Compatibility Logo. You agree
not to dispute Autarch's ownership of any intellectual property rights
related to the Compatibility Logo, both during the duration of this
License and beyond. Furthermore, you agree to refrain from creating or
using any names or trademarks that are sufficiently similar to Autarch's
trademarks, to avoid any potential confusion among consumers about the
origin of your material, whether it is affiliated with or endorsed by
Autarch.

## 3\. License Grant

Provided that you adhere to all the terms, conditions, and usage
requirements outlined herein, you are granted a non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, and royalty-free license to use the
Compatibility Logo in printed books, electronic books, and freely
accessible websites ("Products") that are compatible with the
*Adventurer Conqueror King System.* This grant is subject to the duties
and restrictions detailed in Section 4: Usage Restrictions.

Your use of the Compatibility Logo is restricted to Products that are
entirely compatible with the *Adventurer Conqueror King System*, as
detailed in Section 5: Compatibility. These elements can only be
utilized as outlined in this License and the Usage Requirements, and any
modifications are only permissible as explicitly stated in the Usage
Requirements.

You are permitted to use the Compatibility Logo solely on Products and
in advertisements and on websites that are directly marketing those
Products. This usage is exclusively to signify that the Product is
compatible with the *Adventurer Conqueror King System*.

This agreement does not extend any license or permission (whether
explicit or implied) regarding any trademarks, copyrights, or other
intellectual property rights, except for the Compatibility Logo. Any
rights not explicitly provided in this agreement are expressly retained
by Autarch.

## 4\. Usage Restrictions

The license granted hereunder is expressly limited to use of the
Compatibility Logo in printed books, electronic books, and freely
available websites that are compatible
with *Adventurer Conqueror King System Imperial Imprint*. Anyone seeking
a license for any other use should contact Autarch at <orders@autarch.com>.

You are prohibited from using the Compatibility Logo in a manner that
implies Autarch has ownership, endorsement, or any responsibility for
any aspect of your Product, or for your business practices.
Additionally, you must not suggest that there is any relationship
between you and Autarch beyond the scope of the licensing agreement,
unless there is a separate agreement authorizing such representation.
You are also not allowed to claim or imply that Autarch guarantees your
Product's compatibility with the Adventurer Conqueror King System Second
Edition.

Your Product may use Autarch trademarks such as "Adventurer Conqueror
King System," "Imperial Imprint," and "ACKS” solely to express
compatibility. Your Product titles must not otherwise exploit any
trademarks owned by Autarch, or include any marks that are confusingly
similar to Autarch's trademarks.

You are not permitted to use Autarch's trade dress for your Products or
their advertisements. Your Products and advertisements should not be
designed in a way that could be easily mistaken for or closely resemble
the design of Autarch's own products or advertisements.

You may not do anything that would illegal in the United States in or
with your Products.

You must use your best efforts to preserve the high standard of our
trademarks. You may not use this License for material that the general
public would classify as obscene or pornographic, or to disparage,
defame, libel, parody, satirize, or slander Autarch.

## 5\. Compatibility

In order to make use of the compatible content, your Product must
operate under and rely on *Adventurer Conqueror King System Imperial
Imprint*. Standalone game systems are in no event authorized hereunder.
You agree to use your best efforts to ensure that Products are fully
compatible with *Adventurer Conqueror King System Imperial Imprint* as
published. Products may additionally be compatible with other systems.

## 6\. References

You may freely incorporate references to *Adventurer Conqueror King
System* material that has been designated as Authorized Game Content
under the Simulationist Adventure Game Authorization License, provided
you adhere to that License.

If you are not using the SAGA License, or wish to reference *Adventurer
Conqueror King System* material that has not been released under the
SAGA License, you may do so in the following form:

> See the "Fighter" section in Chapter 3 of the *ACKS II Revised
> Rulebook*.

You may not use page numbers, as they may change in licensed
translations and in subsequent printings.

The list of Autarch products you may reference is set out in Exhibit B,
which Autarch may update at any time. You may reference these only
within your Products; you may not reference them in your title, on your
front cover, in your website domain name, or in advertisements. If the
title of an Autarch product contains Product Identity as defined in the
OGL, this License allows use of that Product Identity solely in the
context of referencing that Autarch product by its title; no other use
of that Product Identity is permitted. You may not reference Autarch
products that are not listed in Exhibit B without express written
permission.

If you want to publish in a language other than English, and Autarch has
published (or has licensed the rights to publish) Adventurer Conqueror
King System in that language, you must use the exact translations
prepared for that foreign-language edition of Adventurer Conqueror King
System Second Edition. In the case that the licensed translation has not
yet been released, you must wait until the translation is released
before you can release your Product in that language. The list of
currently licensed languages is provided as Exhibit C, which may be
updated at any time.

## 7\. Breach and Cure

If you fail to comply with any of the terms of this License, you will be
in breach and we will have the right to terminate this License. We will
send notice to the contact information you provided in your
registration. You will have thirty days from the date we send notice to
cure the breach to our satisfaction. If the breach has not been fully
and completely cured, we reserve the right to terminate the License with
no further notice. After termination, you will not have the right to
secure a new license from us without specific written consent.

## 8\. Termination

We can terminate this License at any time, at our sole discretion.

If we terminate the License due to breach, you have to immediately stop
selling products that use the Compatibility Logo and you must destroy
all of your inventory of those products (including all marketing
material). You may not make any more products that use the Compatibility
Logo. You must immediately suspend any advertisements and any web
content promoting products that use the Compatibility Logo. If there are
any costs associated with any of this, the responsibility for paying
them is exclusively yours.

If we terminate the License for any reason other than breach, you may no
longer make any new products using the Compatibility Logo, but you may
continue to sell existing physical products that were compliant under
this License as long as you have inventory. If you sell out of a
compliant product, you must remove the Compatibility Logo and Font from
future print runs. In the case of products that do not have physical
inventory, such as PDFs, you must stop selling them within 30 days of
termination, but if you remove the Compatibility Logo from them, you may
start selling them again.

Note that if we terminate this License, and you publish products that
make use of our copyrighted content available under the OGL, you still
have to attribute it to Autarch LLC, as required by the OGL.

If you fail to comply with your post-termination obligations, you agree
that any resulting dispute will be resolved in courts located in Durham
County, NC and you agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of such
courts. You agree that such courts will be mutually directed to award
the prevailing party in any dispute its legal fees and court costs in
addition to any other appropriate monetary or injunctive relief such
court deems appropriate.

## Updates

Autarch may update this License at any time. The latest version is
available on the Autarch website or GitHub.

If you published anything under a previous version of this License, you
can choose to use either the version in place at the time you originally
published the work or the updated version. For new Products, you may
only use the current version of the License.
