# Autarch Community Use Guidelines

These guidelines are crafted to foster your enthusiasm and creative
expression, while also safeguarding the rights associated with our
copyrights, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property. This
policy is relevant to various platforms and formats such as Twitch,
YouTube, websites, podcasts, and more, pertaining to the use of Autarch
products.

This policy permits specific non-commercial utilization of certain
Autarch-related content as detailed in the Permissions section. For
details on commercial licensing, please refer to the provided section.

## Purpose of the Community Use Guidelines

This policy aims to balance the protection of Autarch's intellectual
property rights with your ability to use certain elements of our
content. Without this policy, you would generally be barred from using
our trademarks, images, and other copyrighted material.

## Key Requirements

##### Your Project Must Be Free.

Your project must be freely accessible to all. This means it has no
payment or other barriers like surveys, unrelated product downloads, or
mandatory email list subscriptions. Donations and ad sponsorships are
permissible, however.

##### Your Project Must be Clearly Unofficial.

Your project should not suggest Autarch's recognition or endorsement. It
must also not mimic Autarch's style or appearance. You must include
Autarch's copyright and trademark notices from the Autarch materials
used. Additionally, you must respect and obtain permission for any
third-party IP used in your project.

##### Your Project Must Not Harm Autarch.

Your project cannot include any content that would generally be
considered by the public as being for hateful, obscene, or pornographic.
You acknowledge that using such content in this manner could cause
significant and irreversible damage to Autarch, its owners, or its
employees and agree to ensure that your use of Autarch's IP maintains
its high standards.

##### Your Project Must Abide by the Law

Your project must comply with all laws that apply in your country. This
policy adds to, not replaces, your country's laws.

##### Your Project Must Comply with Usage Requirements

To make use of Autarch Material, your Project must include a specific
notice, as follows:.

> "\[Name of this website, product, Twitch show, etc.\] incorporates
> trademarks and copyrights held by Autarch LLC, utilized in accordance
> with Autarch's Community Use Policy. It is strictly forbidden for us
> to charge any fees for the use or access of this content. \[Name of
> this website, product, Twitch show, etc.\] is not officially
> published, endorsed, or specifically sanctioned by Autarch. For
> further details about Autarch LLC and its products, please visit
> autarch.com.

In cases where the Autarch Material used in your project explicitly
acknowledges its creators or artists separate from Autarch itself, such
attributions must be included.

##### You Must Be One of Us, One of Us

You are required to either register an account at the Autarch Forums, be
a patron of an Autarch Patreon or be a member of the Autarch Discord,
and you must inform Autarch about your use of the Autarch Material on
one of those three channels and provide a durable means by which we can
contact you thereafter.

## Permissions

Provided you meet the above requirements, you are granted certain
permissions relating to products approved by us for community use
(“Approved Products”), detailed below. The permissions provided to you
under this Policy are exclusive to you and cannot be transferred or
assigned to anyone else without our explicit approval.

##### Use of Cover Images

You are permitted to utilize the cover images for all Approved Products.
However, you must not change the color, typography, layout, or size of
any logos or icons present in the Approved Products. Also, you cannot
crop, recolor, edit, distort, or otherwise alter the product covers. If
any product is later removed from the Approved Products, you aren't
required to delete it from projects already in progress, but you should
not incorporate it into any new projects.

##### Use of Product Descriptions

You are allowed to use the product descriptions for all Approved
Products either as they are displayed either on the back of each product
or in the product listings on DriveThruRPG.

##### Use of Artwork and Maps

You are permitted to use artwork and maps found in Approved Products
List for purposes of live streams or performances of adventures,
scenarios, and tournaments on platforms like Twitch, YouTube, and
Rumble.

You are not permitted to use artwork and maps found n Approved Product
List for other purposes. However, you're welcome to develop your own
versions of the concepts depicted in our artwork and maps, as long as
your creations don't closely resemble our original materials.

##### Use of Descriptive References

You are allowed to make descriptive references to trademarks, specific
names (such as characters, gods, artifacts, places, etc.), locations,
dialogues, plots, storylines, languages, and events found in the
Approved Products.

##### Use of Printed Assets for Personal Use

You are granted permission to print assets from the Approved Product
List for personal use.

## Withdrawal of Permission

We hold the authority to revoke your permission to use our intellectual
property (IP) at any time, for any specific reason or even without any
reason. This includes situations where we, at our own judgment, deem
that our IP is being misused. In the event that we withdraw your right
to use our IP, you are required to immediately cease distribution of any
aspect of your project that involves or potentially involves our IP.

## Indemnification

You commit to protecting Autarch from any legal actions or disputes that
arise in connection with your project or your utilization of our
intellectual property. Should Autarch face a lawsuit or become involved
in a legal issue due to your project or your use of our IP in any way,
you are obligated to cover all related legal expenses, including
attorney fees, court costs, and any settlement or judgment amounts that
Autarch is required to pay.

Commercial use of Autarch Material outside the scope of this policy
immediately revokes any and all granted permissions. Commercial users
should refer to specific compatibility licenses for more information.

## Policy Changes

We maintain the right to adjust, change, or discontinue this Policy at
any given time.

## Approved Product List

  - *Adventurer Conqueror King System*

  - *Adventurer Conqueror King System Imperial Imprint Revised Rulebook*

  - *Adventurer Conqueror King System Imperial Imprint Judges Journal*

  - *Adventurer Conqueror King System Imperial Imprint Revised Rulebook*

  - ACKS *AX Adventure Series*

  - ACKS *Axioms Compendiums*

  - ACKS *Aryxymaraki’s Almanac of Unusual Magic*

  - ACKS *Auran Empire Campaign Setting*

  - ACKS *By This Axe*

  - ACKS *Barbarian Conquerors of Kanahu*

  - ACKS *Domains at War*

  - ACKS *Heroic Fantasy Handbook*

  - ACKS *Player’s Companion*

  - *Ascendant* Role-Playing Game

  - *Ascendant: Rogues Gallery*

  - *Ascendant: Star-Spangled Squadron*

  - *Ascendant Capital City Casefiles Adventure Series*

  - *Ascendant Capital City Gazetteer and Map Set*
